Is there an Accent Paving in the scene?
Is there a Barrier Post in the scene?
Is there a Barrier Stump in the scene?
Is there a Bench in the scene?
Is there a Bridge in the scene?
Is there a Bus in the scene?
Is there a Bus Stop in the scene?
Is there a Chair in the scene?
Is there a Closed Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Counter in the scene?
Is there a Curb in the scene?
Are there Different Labels in the scene?
Is there a Driveway in the scene?
Is there an Elevator in the scene?
Is there an Escalator in the scene?
Is there a Fence in the scene?
Is there a Flush Door in the scene?
Is there a Foldout Sign in the scene?
Is there a Fountain in the scene?
Is there a Gate in the scene?
Is there a Gutter in the scene?
Is there a Hose in the scene?
Is there a Lamp Post in the scene?
Is there a Large Curb in the scene?
Is there a Mail bin in the scene?
Is there a Maintenance Vehicle on the scene?
Is there a Motorcycle in the scene?
Is there a Parallel Parking Spot in the scene?
Is there a Parked car on the scene?
Is there a Pillar in the scene?
Is there a Pole in the scene?
Is there a Puddle in the scene?
Is there a Railing in the scene?
Is there a Raised Entryway in the scene?
Is there a Retaining Wall in the scene?
Is there a Road Divider in the scene?
Is there a Road Shoulder in the scene?
Is there Roadside Parking on the scene?
Is there a Sidewalk pit in the scene?
Is there a Sign Post in the scene?
Is there a Sloped Driveway in the scene?
Is there a Slopped Curb in the scene?
Is there any Snow in the scene?
Are there Stairs in the scene?
Is there a Stone Block in the scene?
Is there a Street Vendor on the scene?
Is there a Table in the scene?
Is there Tactile Paving in the scene?
Is there a Traffic signal on the scene?
Is there a Train Platform in the scene?
Are there Train Tracks in the scene?
Is there a Trash bin on the scene?
Is there Trash on roads on the scene?
Is there a Tree Branch in the scene?
Is there a Tree in the scene?
Is there a Turnstile in the scene?
Is there an Uncontrolled Crossing in the scene?
Are there Uneven Stairs in the scene?
Is there an Unpaved Road in the scene?
Is there an Unpaved Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Wall in the scene?
Is there any Wall bordering the sidewalk?
Is there a Water leakage in the scene?
Are there Water Pipes in the scene?
Is there any wet surface in the scene?
Is there Yard Waste in the scene?
Is there a Zebra Crossing in the scene?
Is there a Sign in the scene?
Is there a Pedestrian Crossing on the scene?
Is there a White Cane in the scene?
Is there any person with a disability?
What type of disability does the person have, if any?
Is there a Crosswalk in the scene?
Is there a Sidewalk in the scene?
Is there a Fire hydrant on the scene?
Is there a Lamppost in the scene?
Is there a Bus Stop in the scene?
Is there a Push button on the scene?
What is the weather like in the scene?
Is there any wheelchair in the scene?
Is there any guide dog in the scene?  
Is there any dog in the scene?
Is there any paratransit vehicle on the scene?
Is it a day in the scene?
Is it a night in the scene?
Is there any greenery in the scene?
Is there anyone jaywalking in the scene?
How many males are there in the scene?
How many females are there in the scene?
Is there any obstacle on the sidewalk?
Is there any obstacle on the street?